this is the Delta upland it is a
continuation of the Delta series which
Garmin has introduced this year the
Delta upland is designed for bird dog
folks
it comes with a beeper so that you can
hear your dog when he's out in the field
away from you
beavers designed where it can tell you
if he's moving or if he's on point has a
couple of different features as far as
it will it will beep when he's moving
and then when he goes on point has been
stationary for a second it will increase
to a rapid one-second beep he also have
a couple other options with the beeper
you can have just a regular beep you can
also have a hawk scream some folks like
the hawk scream - stop Birds from
running the the idea behind a beeper
strictly is just so that you know what
the dog is doing the big advantage with
a beeper trainer combo is that you have
the ability to control the beeper from
the transmitter and so you can turn your
beeper on when your dog gets in a heavy
cover or he stretched out away from you
but when he's close to you or if he's on
point and you now know where he is and
you want to shut the beeper off press
the button on the transmitter and you
can cut the beeper off I prefer if I'm
going to use a beeper I want one that I
can control from the transmitter some
beepers including this one they sound a
little bit like a garbage truck backing
up and so it can it can be a real to me
it can ruin the experience in the field
in certain situations they're a very
inexpensive way to keep track of your
dog and real popular for a long time a
lot of folks won't hunt without them so
if you're going to use a paper and you
like a paper then you want to be able to
cut it on and off and then that's really
what this unit is designed for the Delta
upland is just like the Delta sport as
far as the majority of its features this
is the Delta upland transmitter several
different parts to it you have your
on/off button just cuts your transmitter
on and off you have the keys to raise
and lower your stimulation then you have
your dog button this is dog one dog two
and dog three it's an expandable system
on this side you have your mode button
which takes you through the different
stimulation choices moves it into the
bark color mode and then back then you
have your keys and the way your buttons
your stimulation buttons line up with
the the choices depending on what mode
you're on right now I am in a beeper low
momentary high momentary mode and so
we're going to show how it controls the
beeper people right now is turned off in
that it's it's activated but it is not
making any sound and then in the field I
want to turn it on so you press your
button once beepers now turned on and
it's going to kick in to automatically
into point mode strictly because we are
not moving now I'm going to cut it off
so now the beepers off I need it again
strictly target on goes back into point
mode cut it off and still have
stimulation one other feature that this
this caller has just like the Delta
sport it also has a built in bark
limiter and so using your mode button
you move over here to the picture of the
barking dog and now your e-collar has
gone from being an e collar to a bark
collar just like the Delta sport it is
the the rising stimulation so when when
the dog barks it increases the
stimulation as needed what's nice about
these bark collars is that because you
have control from the transmitter when
you're in bark mode you do not have
correction levels but you can move out
of it strictly by pressing a button so
if you've got a dog that's in the back
yard and he's got a barking issue you
can put it in bark mode it's going to
take care of your barking problem but
then if he starts to dig in the
flowerbed and you want to make a
correction there you simply press your
mode button move over to a stimulation
mode make your Corrections when you're
finished with that then you can move it
back into bark mode so real versatile
bark collar we've never seen one that
had quite this level of versatility
where you've got training options and
bark op
and you can move back and forth from the
transmitter so this is the Delta upland
it's got a lot of features real
reasonably priced and it's really neat
caller for folks that are that are doing
upland work and want that beeper option
plus a wide choice of stimulation levels
and a bar color included